update script behavior section (#6798)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/view-transitions.mdx

7. The router executes any new scripts added to the page.
8. The `astro:page-load` event fires. This is the end of the navigation process.

> ## Script behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a id="#script-behavior-during-page-navigation"/>
## Script behavior
```

> ## Script behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a id="#script-behavior-during-page-navigation"/>
## Script behavior
```

> ## Script behavior

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Script behavior with view transitions
```
Do you have a reason for removing this? This original title attempted to disambiguate for people not using view transitions, so they wouldn't necessarily end up on this heading when doing a search. Perhaps this is better?

> ## Script behavior
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a id="script-behavior-during-page-navigation"/>
## Script behavior

```

When navigating between pages with the `<ViewTransitions />` component, scripts are run in sequential order to match browser behavior. 

> Bundled module scripts, which are the default scripts in Astro, are only ever executed once. If a bundled module script exists on pages that are transitioned to after its initial execution they will be ignored. Inline scripts, ones with `is:inline` attribute, will not re-execute if they exist on both the page being transitioned to and the one the user is currently on. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Script re-execution

[Bundled module scripts](/en/guides/client-side-scripts/#script-processing), which are the default scripts in Astro, are only ever executed once. After initial execution they will be ignored, even if the script exists on the new page after a transition.
```
It seems very confusing to have the sentence about inline scripts running once, then immediately saying that they *can* run more than once in a following paragraph. I think keeping inline stuff to its own paragraph makes sense.

> Unlike bundled module scripts, inline scripts have the potential to be re-executed during a user's visit to a site, if they exist on a page that is visited multiple times. Inline scripts might also re-execute if they exist on some pages but not all, if a user goes to a page without the script then back to one with the script it will be re-executed.

Reviewer 2: ``````suggestion
Unlike bundled module scripts, [inline scripts](/en/guides/client-side-scripts/#opting-out-of-processing) have the potential to be re-executed during a user's visit to a site if they exist on a page that is visited multiple times. Inline scripts might also re-execute when a visitor navigates to a page without the script, and then back to one with the script.

#### `data-astro-rerun`

<p><Since v="4.5.0" /></p>

To force inline scripts to re-execute after every transition, add the `data-astro-rerun` property. Adding any attribute to a script also implicitly adds `is:inline`, so this is only available for scripts that are not bundled and processed by Astro.

```astro
<script is:inline data-astro-rerun>...</script>
```

To ensure that a script runs every time a page is loaded during client-side navigation, it should be executed by a [lifecycle event](#lifecycle-events). For example, event listeners for `DOMContentLoaded` can be replaced by the [`astro:page-load`](/en/guides/view-transitions/#astropage-load) lifecycle event.
``````

> Bundled module scripts, which are the default scripts in Astro, only ever execute once. If a bundled module script exists on pages that are transitioned to after its initial execution they will be ignored. Inline scripts, ones with `is:inline` attribute, will not reexecute if they exist on both the page being transitioned to and the one the user is currently on. 
> 
> Unlike bundled module scripts, inline scripts have the potential to be reexcuted during a user's visit to a site, if they exist on a page that is visited multiple times. Inline scripts might also reexecute if they exist on some pages but not all, if a user goes to a page without the script then back to one with the script it will be reexecuted.
> 
> If you have code that sets up global state in an inline script, this state will need to take into account that the script might execute more than once. Check for the global state in your `<script>` tag, and conditionally execute your code where possible. This works because `window` is preserved.

Reviewer 3: A few grammar/typo nits. From what I saw the correct spelling for re-execute is using a hyphen.
```suggestion
Bundled module scripts, which are the default scripts in Astro, are only ever executed once. If a bundled module script exists on pages that are transitioned to after its initial execution they will be ignored. Inline scripts, ones with `is:inline` attribute, will not re-execute if they exist on both the page being transitioned to and the one the user is currently on. 

Unlike bundled module scripts, inline scripts have the potential to be re-executed during a user's visit to a site, if they exist on a page that is visited multiple times. Inline scripts might also re-execute if they exist on some pages but not all, if a user goes to a page without the script then back to one with the script it will be re-executed.

If you have code that sets up a global state in an inline script, this state will need to take into account that the script might execute more than once. Check for the global state in your `<script>` tag, and conditionally execute your code where possible. This works because `window` is preserved.
```

7. The router executes any new scripts added to the page.
8. The `astro:page-load` event fires. This is the end of the navigation process.

<a id="script-behavior-during-page-navigation"/>
## Script behavior

When navigating between pages with the `<ViewTransitions />` component, scripts are run in sequential order to match browser behavior. 

> Module scripts, which the default scripts in Astro are, only ever execute once. If a module script exists on pages that are transitioned to after its initial execution they will be ignored. Inline scripts, ones with `is:inline` attribute, will not reexecute if they exist on both the page being transitioned to and the one the user is currently on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bundled module scripts, which are the default scripts in Astro, only ever execute once. If a bundled module script exists on pages that are transitioned to after its initial execution they will be ignored. Inline scripts, ones with `is:inline` attribute, will not reexecute if they exist on both the page being transitioned to and the one the user is currently on. 
```

> Unlike module scripts, inline scripts have the potential to be reexcuted during a users visit to a site, if they exist on a page that is visited multiple times. Inline scripts might also reexecute if they exist on some pages but not all, if a user goes to a page without the script then back to one with the script it will be reexecuted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike bundled module scripts, inline scripts have the potential to be reexcuted during a users visit to a site, if they exist on a page that is visited multiple times. Inline scripts might also reexecute if they exist on some pages but not all, if a user goes to a page without the script then back to one with the script it will be reexecuted.
```

</script>
```

> Inline scripts can be reexecuted after every transition by adding the `data-astro-rerun` property. This will make the script `is:inline` implicitly, so it will not work for bundled scripts.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Inline scripts can be re-executed after every transition by adding the `data-astro-rerun` property. This will make the script `is:inline` implicitly, so it will not work for bundled scripts.
```

> Inline scripts can be re-executed after every transition by adding the `data-astro-rerun` property. This will make the script `is:inline` implicitly, so it will not work for bundled scripts.
> 
> ```astro
> <script is:inline data-astro-rerun>...</script>
> ```
> 
> If a script should execute every time a page is loaded, it should be executed by a [lifecycle event](#lifecycle-events). Event listeners for `DOMContentLoaded` can be replaced by the [`astro:page-load`](http://localhost:4321/en/guides/view-transitions/#astropage-load) lifecycle event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
I suggest moving this earlier to where you're talking about whether or not scripts re-execute!

</script>
```

> Inline scripts can be reexecuted after every transition by adding the `data-astro-reload` property. This will make the script `is:inline` implicitly, so it will not work for module scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inline scripts can be reexecuted after every transition by adding the `data-astro-reload` property. This will make the script `is:inline` implicitly, so it will not work for bundled scripts.
```

```astro

> <script data-astro-reload></script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<script data-astro-reload>...</script>
```
